README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Lobotomy Corporation</h1>
<h4 align="center"><i>Face the Fear, Build the Future.</i></h4>

<p align="center"><img src="assets/LobotomyCorporationLogo.png" style="width:30%" /></p>

<h5 align="center"><i>
Greetings, Manager. 
I see that you've been slacking off while playing a few rounds of cards during our work hours. 
I am unfamiliar with playing cards myself, but I am able to modify this little game of yours so that you can still have "fun" while still generating precious energy to meet the daily quota. 
This may hinder your playing experience, but I am sure you will do just fine.</i></h5>

# Features
## Abnormalities, as Jokers
Each added Abnormality have different Observation Levels that unlock more of their Information. 
This is based on the amount of rounds played with that Abnormality in your Joker slots.

## Abnormalities, as Boss Blinds
Some Abnormalities are able to ***breach***. 
In addition, some breaching Abnormalities can change the upcoming fights to be an Abnormality as a Boss Blind. 
These blinds are very hard to take down, make sure you're well-prepared before tackling on these challenges.

## Extraction Pack
To help with discovering Abnormalities, a new **Booster Pack** type is added. 
This pack allows you to pick one of three Abnormalities to add to your Joker slots.

## Ordeals
During the run, **Ordeals** can replace some blinds. These blinds are generally more difficult to take down compared to the other blinds, 
with **Dawn Ordeals** being the easiest, and **Midnight Ordeals** being much a lot tougher to overcome.

## Challenges
In some Challenges, Ordeals are guaranteed to appear. In others, you might be fighting **[[[INFORMATION REDACTED]]]**. 
Good luck, Manager. You will need it.

<details>
    <summary><b>Lobotomy Corporation Spoilers</b></summary>
    There are challenges that mirror the Sephirah Meltdowns experienced in the main game. 
    It is recommended that they should be experienced in the actual game before attempting them here.
</details><br>

# Requirements
Requires the latest version of **Steamodded** 1.0.0-ALPHA.  
Instructions can be found [here](https://github.com/Steamodded/smods/wiki).

# Installation
Head to the mod's *[Releases](https://github.com/Mysthaps/LobotomyCorp/releases/latest)* page and download the latest version.  
You can also *clone* this repository, however, some things may break. 
Make sure that the mod folder is not nested (your folder is **not** ``Mods\LobotomyCorp\LobotomyCorp\...`` or similar). 
 
Please check the mod's configurations after installation. 

# Credits
### **[Lobotomy Corporation](https://store.steampowered.com/app/568220/Lobotomy_Corporation__Monster_Management_Simulation/)**
### **[Library of Ruina](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1256670/Library_Of_Ruina/)**
### **[Limbus Company](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1973530/Limbus_Company/)** 

All music used are listed in the ``music.txt`` file, found [here](https://github.com/Mysthaps/LobotomyCorp/blob/main/music.txt).
Other credits can be found in the **Credits** tab in the mod's menu

Commit message:

Abnormality visual refresh, Sign of Roses assets

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Lobotomy Corporation</h1>
<h4 align="center"><i>Face the Fear, Build the Future.</i></h4>

<p align="center"><img src="assets/LobotomyCorporationLogo.png" style="width:30%" /></p>

<h5 align="center"><i>
Greetings, Manager. 
I see that you've been slacking off while playing a few rounds of cards during our work hours. 
I am unfamiliar with playing cards myself, but I am able to modify this little game of yours so that you can still have "fun" while still generating precious energy to meet the daily quota. 
This may hinder your playing experience, but I am sure you will do just fine.</i></h5>

# Notice
**Lobotomy Corporation** is about discovery and experiment with different Abnormalities. 
It is recommended to play with **Lobotomy Corporation** by itself on your first playthrough, regardless of this mod's cross-mod content.
The **Discover All** functionality does not discover Abnormalities from this mod, since it can be overwhelming for new players with the amount of text each Abnormality has.

# Features
## Abnormalities, as Jokers
Each added Abnormality have different Observation Levels that unlock more of their Information. 
This is based on the amount of rounds played with that Abnormality in your Joker slots.

## Abnormalities, as Boss Blinds
Some Abnormalities are able to ***breach***. 
In addition, some breaching Abnormalities can change the upcoming fights to be an Abnormality as a Boss Blind. 
These blinds are very hard to take down, make sure you're well-prepared before tackling on these challenges.

## Extraction Pack
To help with discovering Abnormalities, a new **Booster Pack** type is added. 
This pack allows you to pick one of three Abnormalities to add to your Joker slots.

## Ordeals
During the run, **Ordeals** can replace some blinds. These blinds are generally more difficult to take down compared to the other blinds, 
with **Dawn Ordeals** being the easiest, and **Midnight Ordeals** being much a lot tougher to overcome.

## Challenges
In some Challenges, Ordeals are guaranteed to appear. In others, you might be fighting **[[[INFORMATION REDACTED]]]**. 
Good luck, Manager. You will need it.

<details>
    <summary><b>Lobotomy Corporation Spoilers</b></summary>
    There are challenges that mirror the Sephirah Meltdowns experienced in the main game. 
    It is recommended that they should be experienced in the actual game before attempting them here.
</details><br>

# Requirements
Requires the latest version of **Steamodded** 1.0.0-ALPHA.  
Instructions can be found [here](https://github.com/Steamodded/smods/wiki).

# Installation
Head to the mod's *[Releases](https://github.com/Mysthaps/LobotomyCorp/releases/latest)* page and download the latest version.  
You can also *clone* this repository, however, some things may break. 
Make sure that the mod folder is not nested (your folder is **not** ``Mods\LobotomyCorp\LobotomyCorp\...`` or similar). 
 
Please check the mod's configurations after installation. 

# Credits
### **[Lobotomy Corporation](https://store.steampowered.com/app/568220/Lobotomy_Corporation__Monster_Management_Simulation/)**
### **[Library of Ruina](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1256670/Library_Of_Ruina/)**
### **[Limbus Company](https://store.steampowered.com/app/1973530/Limbus_Company/)** 

All music used are listed in the ``music.txt`` file, found [here](https://github.com/Mysthaps/LobotomyCorp/blob/main/music.txt).
Other credits can be found in the **Credits** tab in the mod's menu
